# Unravelling Uncertain Geographic Context Problem for Intergroup Relations: Does Perceived Threat Depend on How the Neighborhood Context is Measured?

## Background

This repository is set up to showcase the analytical strategy undertaken for our article " “Unravelling Uncertain Geographic Context Problem for Intergroup Relations: Does Perceived Threat Depend on How the Neighborhood Context is Measured?" currently under review in The Journal of Community & Applied Social Psychology. The code supporting the findings of this study will be made available upon publication. Please note that analyses were undertaken using R, Rstudio and ArcGIS Pro.

## Data Availability

The georeferenced survey data from Belgian National Election Study 2020 (BNES) that support the findings of this study are available on request from the authors. The data are not publicly available due to restrictions associated with sensitive geoinformation that could compromise the (geo)privacy of respondents. Individual walking- and driving-time polygons, used to augment survey responses with individualized neighborhood definitions, are also available on request from the authors. These polygons cannot be made publicly available due to restrictions associated with sensitive geoinformation, as they may compromise respondents’ (geo)privacy and reveal their *relative* locations. Raw census data recorded at the statistical sector and municipality level were generated by Statbel, the Belgian statistical office. Twitter/X mobility data were obtained from the DOLLY Project (see Poorthuis & Zook, 2017). Pre-processed census and Twitter/X mobility data supporting the findings of this study are available from the authors on request.

## Script Description

The code used to support this analysis is organized in one script. The primary script is **Unravelling_Uncertain_Geographic_Context_Problem_for_Intergroup_Relations_GitHub.R**. It is provided to demonstrate the workflow behind the main analyses. The file serves as a guiding script, containing the exact steps undertaken for data preprocessing, areal weighted interpolation, feature engineering, data preparation for analysis and OLS analysis with and without HAC robust standard errors. The script is supported by the file **Unravelling_Uncertain_Geographic_Context_Problem_for_IntergroupRelations_Summary_Statistics.xlsx**, which contains summary statistics for each neighborhood approximation produced from the results of areal weighted interpolation. The script is also supported by the exact printouts of the OLS regression results with (see **OLS_HAC_SE_printout.RData**, **pt_ugcp_upd.html**) and without HAC robust standard errors (see **OLS_SE_regular_printout.RData**, **pt_results_ols_regular_se.html**). 
